Ludwig has finished his midterms at UNCC and has most likely aced the test due to him always being
on top of his studies. He then has a lurking feeling that he is not doing enough to search for
a job after he graduates this semester. He has heard from one of his friends about Jobify and
looked into it by searching about it on the internet. He is presented with a login page and a 
sign up page. Ludwig goes through logging in with his school email and proceeds to fill in his
information. After that, Ludwig finds out about opportunities as a mechanical engineer but 
struggles to find anything that will hire him for his experience. After altering the filters
to look for internships, he found a few that fit the requirement and applied to whatever he can

Tim was looking for websites for job finding and stumbled on the university sponsered website
called Jobify. He want to become a football coach and after he has signed up, he looked up 
coaching jobs in his area in the search bar. He was able to find a few jobs listed and since 
he had a lot of job experience he applied to some applications but since he did not have a degree
he was worried he would not find a job so easily. He later was able to network with one of the 
employers for a highschool team looking for a coach in football and was able to put his foot
in the door and landed an interview later that week. He later went to practice with his team and kept
dreaming of making it big in the NFL.

Sandy Cheeks is in her last semester studying ocean biology. She has done a lot of research as
an assistant in studying marine biology and is looking for jobs that pay well. Sandy has a lot of 
years in experience as she lives in the ocean and has met many organisims in her time there. Her
friends were talking about Jobify securing them a job as a consultant in a big firm and she wanted
to check it out on her own. She applied and got to see the jobs listed in marine biology but wanted
to see if there are any good paying jobs so she updated her filters to find high paying jobs.
Sandy applied to all she could and wrote cover letters to each indiviual job.